---
title: Welcome
date: 2026-02-18 13:01:00
image: /assets/img/post_img/krieg.jpg
description: "++ Begin transmission: Cipher AE5-T87 Selected... ++"
categories: [Misc, Welcome]
tags: [ welcome ]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
pin: true
published: false
---

I have started so many blogs over the years. Most get updated for a few weeks, then I get distracted by something new and shiny and forget all about it for a while. Then when I inevitably remember it exists I'll find some issue with the layout, or the theme, or the font, and I'll go into "DevMode" and start cooking something new up. Rinse and repeat.

Well, the last year has been really tough on my mental health for various reasons, and it's taken me a while to pluck up the enthusiasm to start any new projects or really do any hobby (or technical) things. But I've had a good few weeks now where I've been feeling the urge to get back into the hobby, and doing technical things like creating a new blog, so I decided it was time to get back to it.

So what the heck is this blog? Good question, it's basically a dumping ground for all my hobby related projects. I'm planning a bunch of content for this blog, and when I say "a bunch", I mean that there's probably well over 18 months worth of projects that I've got planned out for myself that I'll be documenting on here, including (but probably not limited to):

- Making a folding gaming board
- Finishing a 3k Death Guard army
- Making a homebrew Renegade Space Marine warband
- Building a whole Drukhari army
- KITBASHING BIG KNIGHTS!
- Writing random bits of lore for all of the above
- Mordheim warbands
- #inq28 warbands
- Random terrain pieces
- Assembling pre-built wooden scenery (and painting it)
- Maybe something with Genestealer Cults and Imperial Guard
- Maybe some battle reports
  
As you can see, that is a lot of things. Some of which may or may not get done, but the beauty of doing these things as personal projects is that there is no deadline, it's done when it's done. 

> If I ever get around to starting my YouTube channel then this will also be the place you will be able to find the written version of whatever the videos are about (for those of you who still read things)
{: .prompt-tip }
