---
title: Designing a Tabletop Game
date: 2026-02-19 13:01:00
image: /assets/img/post_img/blanche4.png
description: "Lessons I've learned designing a tabletop boardgame"
categories: [Misc, Painting]
tags: [ welcome, grimdark ]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
pin: false
published: true
---

Like some of you (I imagine), I am an adult, and as such iI have adult friends that do adult things, such as raising children and spending time with family. Very cringe. Anyway, that leaves me with a slowly decreasing social circle, and an ever dwindling list of people I can regularly manage to get a game with.

But rather than cry and moan, and say things like raising children and spending time with family is cringe (as if I'd say something like that), I decided to ACT! If nobody was going to play with me, I was going to have to play with myself... *cough*... but where to find a game system that would allow solo play, and had a either a direct link, or was suitably adjacent enough to satisfy my 40k needs.

I've looked into OnePageRules before, and while I do quite like it, I don't want to port too much across into a new game system so it wasn't going to do for me. Games Workshop provide a "Kill Team Lite" ruleset, which is helpful, and if we use the old KillTeam v2 sheets, we can get a lot of profiles for existing models because that was the "just kitbash some stuff or buy this box because we're not quite sure what Kill Team is yet" era of Kill Team, before they decided that it was going to be a "Season" based thing. Which to be fair, is much better than the original Kill Team, which was a list building nightmare and I'm honestly not shocked that they killed it off.

The issue that I have with Kill Team is that it's a "Team vs Team" game, which makes sense, but I'm here for a fun and/or challenging gaming experience. 

OK, so if we use Kill Team Lite that sorts out our movement and action system
